Add host IoP reregistration after upgrade (#4397)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_refreshing-clients-of-insights-iop.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="refreshing-clients-of-insights-iop"]
= Refreshing clients of {insights-iop}

[role="_abstract"]
If you use {insights-iop}, you must refresh {insights-iop} registration of your hosts to keep using services of {insights-iop} after upgrading {ProjectServer}.

.Prerequisites
* You have root access on your hosts.

.Procedure

> * Refresh `insights-client` registration on your hosts, for example by using remote execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On your hosts, refresh the `insights-client` registration:
+
```

And then after line 17

````
+
You can use remote execution to run this command on your hosts.
For more information, see X.
````

What do you think?

Reviewer 2: I like the sound of this, LGTM otherwise
